hey guys coupe here I could probably do
this a lot faster if I got some lower
grit sandpaper but I'm just going to
start off with 400 it seems to be really
taking this stuff off really nicely and
I'd rather just take my time you know
and just spend the extra time with a
lower grit sandpaper then jump right in
there with that well a higher grit
sandpaper then jump right in there with
that lower grit stuff and make it worse
anyway you can see she's already pulling
them scratches out this still is a lot
easier to work with then the the old
files that I used but as you can see I
got quite a few scratches to work out
I didn't hook it up to my jig because
I'm just taking my time and I'm letting
the memory the muscle memory got it
as you can see it's shining her right up
alright guys we've got the hard profile
done now we're just taking the deep
scratches out and once I get the deep
scratches out then I'll uh drill my
holes and once i get my holes drilled
I'll heat treat it then when I get heat
treated then i'll be back at it with
sand paper again cleaning it all up but
until then I'll be spending quite a bit
of time doing this till I get these
really deep scratches out
which I'm probably going to switch i'm
probably going to go down instead of
using 400 i'm probably going to look
around see if I've got anything down
around to 300 because some of these
scratches look pretty deep but I don't
know I'm I'll tinker with this right
here with this 400 for a while see how
that goes and if I don't like it I can
always change it alright guys you got
any comments or questions feel free to
put them below I'll be more than happy
to answer them and I appreciate you guys
views appreciate your support and
you guys have any comments or questions
like I said put them below I'll be more
happy to get back to you and with that
being said guys and girls Oh coops gonna
say coop out